Day 2
BoHa meeting
In the last meeting, the monetary policy committee of Bank of Hattonia decided to raise the minimum reserve requirements from 10% to 16%.Sources said that this may be a countermeasure to the inflationary pressure felt throughout the economy.
Day 5
Unlucky number 3
Shivers running through the markets after three of the biggest mortgage lenders went bankrupt. People fear that they might lose their houses but government assured them that will try to limit the damages. Until now, only one investment bank showed interest in buying these toxic mortgage backed securities.
Day 6
Panic in the market
After several months of constant raising in house price index and one of the biggest bankruptcy in the real estate market, adding the failure of a deal between XYZ investment bank in buying the toxic assets, the unthinkable happened: the bubble burst. Panic spread throughout the market and immediate measures were taken by commercial and central banks to contain from future damages.
Day 8
Signs of a comeback, to be waited!
Economy is still struggling after the shock of the real estate crash. Construction output fell by 4% and no signs of recovery to be seen for now.
Day 10
Consumer conf(ailing)idence
Consumer confidence fell to the lowest after the burst of real estate bubble. The whole economy is contracting confirmed also by a decreasing construction output. Government intervention is expected. Sources say that Hattonia’s central bank will go for a round of quantitative easing.
Day 11
QE in the line of fire
The monetary policy committee of Bank of Hattonia decided to step in and go for a round of quantitative easing, in an effort to restart the economy. Many say that this could lead to a raise in inflation rate, taking in account the sums of money vehiculated that will be injected through QE.
Day 12
Up, up in the air, inflation where you were?
Fears that a round of QE would drive the inflation up, proved to be right. Inflation rose by 2% quarter on quarter, giving new headaches to BoHA.
Day 13
Hattonia FDI’s
A large fund from Hattonia decided to make a step and invest large sums of money in Rikland farms. Many are against these decision, saying that these money could have been better invested in Hattonia’s industry.
